Cure Black;pink;Emissary of Light, Cure Black!
Cure White;white;Emissary of Light, Cure White!
Shiny Luminous;yellow;Sparkling life, Shiny Luminous!
Cure Bloom/Bright;pink;The shining golden flower, Cure Bloom!
Cure Egret/Windy;white;The sparkling silver wing, Cure Egret!
Cure Dream;pink;Great Power of Hope, Cure Dream!
Cure Rouge;red;Red Flower of Passion, Cure Rouge!
Cure Lemonade;yellow;Effervescent Scent of Lemon, Cure Lemonade!
Cure Mint;green;Tranquility of the Green Earth, Cure Mint!
Cure Aqua;blue;Blue Spring of Intelligence, Cure Aqua!
Milky Rose;purple;The blue rose is my secret emblem! Milky Rose!
Cure Peach;pink;The pink heart is the emblem of love! Freshly picked, Cure Peach!
Cure Berry;blue;The blue heart is the emblem of hope! Freshly gathered, Cure Berry!
Cure Pine;yellow;The yellow heart is the emblem of faith! Freshly harvested, Cure Pine!
Cure Passion;red;The crimson heart is the emblem of happiness! Freshly ripened, Cure Peach!
Cure Blossom;pink;The flower that blooms upon the earth, Cure Blossom!
Cure Marine;blue;The flower that blooms upon the earth, Cure Blossom!
Cure Sunshine;yellow;The flower that blooms upon the earth, Cure Blossom!
Cure Moonlight;purple;The flower that blooms upon the earth, Cure Blossom!
Cure Melody;pink;Strumming the wild tune, Cure Melody!
Cure Rhythm;white;Strumming the tranquil tune, Cure Rhythm!
Cure Beat;blue;Strumming the soul's tune, Cure Beat!
Cure Muse;yellow;Strumming the tune of the goddess, Cure Muse!
Cure Happy;pink;Twinkling and shining, the light of the future! Cure Happy!
Cure Sunny;red;The brilliant sun! Hot-blooded power! Cure Sunny!
Cure Peace;yellow;Sparkling and glittering! Rock, paper, scissors! Cure Peace!
Cure March;green;Intense courage, a straight up bout! Cure March!
Cure Beauty;blue;The snow, falling and gathering! A noble heart! Cure Beauty!
Cure Heart;pink;Brimming with love! Cure Heart!
Cure Diamond;blue;The light of wisdom! Cure Diamond!
Cure Rosetta;yellow;The warmth of the sun! Cure Rosetta!
Cure Sword;purple;The blade of courage! Cure Sword!
Cure Ace;red;The trump card of love! Cure Ace!
Cure Lovely;pink;The big love spreading throughout the world! Cure Lovely!
Cure Princess;blue;The blue wind dancing in the sky! Cure Princess!
Cure Honey;yellow;The light of life flourishing on the Earth! Cure Honey!
Cure Fortune;purple;The star of hope that glitters in the night sky! Cure Fortune!
Cure Flora;pink;Princess of the flourishing flowers! Cure Flora!
Cure Mermaid;blue;Princess of the crystal clear seas! Cure Mermaid!
Cure Twinkle;yellow;Princess of the twinkling stars! Cure Twinkle!
Cure Scarlet;red;Princess of scarlet flames! Cure Scarlet!
Cure Miracle;pink;Our Miracle! Cure Miracle!
Cure Magical;purple;Our Magic! Cure Magical!
Cure Felice;green;Spreading blessings to lives far and wide! Cure Felice!
Cure Whip;pink;Cure Whip! Is Ready To Serve!
Cure Custard;yellow;Cure Custard! Is Ready To Serve!
Cure Gelato;blue;Cure Gelato! Is Ready To Serve!
Cure Macaron;purple;Cure Macaron! Is Ready To Serve!
Cure Chocolat;red;Cure Chocolat! Is Ready To Serve!
Cure Parfait;green;Cure Parfait! Is Ready To Serve!
Cure Yell;pink;Cheering on everyone! The Pretty Cure of High Spirits! Cure Yell!
Cure Ange;blue;Healing everyone! The Pretty Cure of Wisdom! Cure Ange!
Cure Étoile;yellow;Making everyone shine! The Pretty Cure of Strength! Cure Étoile!
Cure Macherie;red;Loving everyone! The Pretty Cure of Love! Cure Macherie!
Cure Amour;purple;Loving everyone! The Pretty Cure of Love! Cure Amour!
Cure Star;pink;The twinkling star that shines throughout the universe! Cure Star!
Cure Milky;blue;The milky way stretching across the heavens! Cure Milky!
Cure Soleil;yellow;Light up the sky! With sparkling heat! Cure Soleil!
Cure Selene;purple;Light up the night sky! With the secretive moonlight! Cure Selene!
Cure Cosmo;blue;The rainbow spectrum lighting up the galaxy! Cure Cosmo!
Cure Grace;pink;The two overlapping flowers! Cure Grace!
Cure Fontaine;blue;The two intersecting streams! Cure Fontaine!
Cure Sparkle;yellow;The two lights that come together! Cure Sparkle!
Cure Earth;purple;The two winds that connect through time! Cure Earth!
Cure Summer;white;Joyful Everlasting Summer! Cure Summer!
Cure Coral;purple;Glittering Jewels! Cure Coral!
Cure Papaya;yellow;Sparkling Fruits! Cure Papaya!
Cure Flamingo;red;Fluttering Wings! Cure Flamingo!
Cure Echo;white;Deliver my feelings! Cure Echo!
